104 introduce best practices document (#146)
International-Data-Spaces-Association/ids-specification: README.md

The same applies for the data, which is transferred between the systems. While this document does not define the transport protocol, the structure, syntax and semantics of the data, a specification for those aspects is required and subject to the agreements of the participants or the data space.

![Overview on protocol and context](./resources/figures/ProtocolOverview.png)

## Best Practices

> The Dataspace Protocol is under development and the working group is active on this draft, reviewed and improved the content multiple times. During the process several aspects were discussed, which are not considered relevant for the specification itself, but important to be documented as support for the users of this specification as best practices. The [Best Practices](./best.practices/README.md) are non-normative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dataspace Protocol is under development and the working group is active on this draft, reviewed and improved the content multiple times. During the process several aspects were discussed, which are not considered part of the normative specification, but important to be documented as support for the users of this specification as best practices. The [Best Practices](./best.practices/README.md) are non-normative.
```
